Use font awesome instead of svg icons, remove unused icons (#37)
larksystems/katikati_ui_lib.dart: README.md

Run the following command under `katikati_ui_lib` folder
`./lib/components/model/generate.sh`

### Credits
This project uses the following services:

>   - fontawesome free 5.15.3 (web) for all the icons.

Reviewer: nit: just using the way fontawesome refer to themselves in the attribution.js file
```suggestion
  - Font Awesome Free 5.15.3 by @fontawesome - https://fontawesome.com for most of the icons
```

> Our sincere thanks to all of above services that makes building katikati easier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our sincere thanks to all of above services that makes building Katikati easier.
```
